https://codepen.io/HerbertHoover74/pen/QWbyqyr?editors=1100

Copy the questions below into the firt-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? Semantic HTML provides structure/meaning to webpages.
    2. What is HTML used for? To present web-app readable content in a readable structure. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Attributes provide deatils of the elements they are found/placed under. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? h1 is the highest priority header tag, often used for titles. How many times should I use it on a page? Just once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes: <select>, <input>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? Title and links to CSS and other metadata.
    7. What is an id? id specifies a unique element within the document.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? Any element can have an id. 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 1
    10. What is a class? An attribute that specifies a name for an element. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Any element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? As many as you like. 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? add the target="_blank" attribute to the link
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? This specfies alternative text for cases where the element it's applied to can't be rendered.
    15. How do I reference an id? preced the name of the id with a "#"
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? sections group elements structurally. divs are more generic. 
    17. What is CSS used for? CSS adds style to HTML, telling it how to be displayed.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page. You use the tak for the kind of element you're trying to select every one of, eg. h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. Class is less specific and can be applied to multiple elements. id is more exclusive and should only be used when you only want its attributes applied to a single element once in a document. If part of your page is unique, and has conflicting instructions from a class/classes it belongs to, you can use an id. You try to use id sparingly, on elements that really need to be a certain way and not get changed. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .nameOfClass
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? parentElement>childElement When would this be useful? You want to style the text inside one parent element differently from the rest of the document.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? a.sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector? Pseudo selectors are used to specify a special state of an element, like if you want a link to appear different when hovered over or after a link has been visited. 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? Use the line-height property.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? Use the letter-spacing property. 
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform: uppercase, lowercase, captitalize respectively. 
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? Black is default color. 
div{
  border-width: 1px;
  border-style: dotted;
}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? Universal selector "*"
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? "/* */"
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? rm Why do I have to be careful with this? No safety rails; no warning, can't be undone. 
    34. Why should I use version control? You can revisit older iterations of what you're working on in the event you inevitably need to work with people or break something and need to go back. 
    35. How often should I commit to github? > once/hour. 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin fileName
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
1. Make my own fork.
2. Add TL as collaborator.
3. Clone Repo
4. Create branch using command 'git checkout -b'
5. Submit Pull Request, using my fork as base.
6. TL merges with master. 
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? Block elements start new line and take up an entire length of page, where as inline elements can be inserted inside other elments, because they don't cause a line break. 